Okay. So, when both classes are 50 percent,
what is the impurity?
So, frequency is 0.5 for both.
Let's type all this formula,
which is actually the same thing that you see right here, but let's just type it out.
So, negative one times frequency one,
times one minus frequency one,
plus minus one times frequency two,
times one minus frequency two.
We say they're variable in impurity, printed it out.
So, you can see that when is evenly split between these two frequencies,
then the impurity is negative 0.5.
So, now the question is asking,
is the impurity larger or smaller when the sample,
in magnitude absolute value,
when the samples are dominated by a single class?
So, essentially, we're comparing this case
when one was 90 percent and the other was 0.01,
versus when they were evenly split.
So, in terms of absolute values,
you can see that 0.18 is smaller closer to zero compared to 0.5.
So, impurity is smaller in magnitude when
samples are dominated by a single class,
that's the 90 percent, 10 percent example.
The second question is very similar,
is the impurity larger or smaller when
the frequency of each class is more evenly distributed among classes?
So, the impurity is larger in magnitude
when samples are more evenly distributed among classes.
That's the 50 percent, 50 percent example.
Great. Please continue on with the lesson. Thanks.